{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8920\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Website Details - Aug 2013\
\
1. Open Filezilla - > click on the icon up the very top left, a new window will open with all your details. Press connect. (password: flexiblEroof1989)\
2. Open XMLSpear\
3. In XML spear, open content.xml (in Beaufort-> website 2013 -> SITE content)\
4. Make sure 'xsd' is chosen up top bar. \
5. Make sure green tick is 'selected'. It may ask me for xsd file -> point it to the one in the same folder as the xml file. \
6. Click 'table' view for easier view (it's in the middle next to element). \
7. Double tap (with both fingers) an element in the table and then you can duplicate it, or add elements. For news, double tap an article and change it's element to 'archived'. \
Save it. \
8. Go to Filezilla, make sure the right hand windoww is in the root folder. \
9. In the left hand window, find the xml file on your computer and double click it. It will replace the file on the web, it will ask you if this is ok. Say yes. When it's done 100% it's good. \
10. When inserting images, navigate to the 'images' folder in the bottom/middle right folder in Filezilla, and just drag them off the desktop. For the thumbnails, make sure they're the right size. Which is 174 length max. *Make sure even though they are on your computer in their folder in 2013 Website, you also have to drag them onto the window in Filezilla, or else you\'92ll get a question mark on the site. \
11. Add element child in the article, make it 'Thumbnail' choice, point it to the thumbnail. Add another element child 'FullFileName' and point that to the full sized image you want. }